I'm gonna play a practical joke of my
father this has been very entertaining
see he just sits over there on the couch
Alexa play Jake songs yg all from
Spotify oh my gosh guys arm I think it's
too cheap Paul Alexa volume 7 being
alone see the volume gets too loud that
you can't say Alexa stop she can't hear
you
Jake Paul he's everywhere it's everyday
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you I've been home in Dallas Texas
for two or three days I've been visiting
with family holding precious babies but
you guys don't care about Texas and the
babies I'm holding what do you care
about you care about the Millennials
what are the Millennials doing they are
killing everyone and everything okay so
let's talk about what everyone is
talking about on Twitter and all of the
Internet's Millennials I am a millennial
but I wasn't sure what the age range was
so I just did a simple google search and
this is the first article that pops up
by philip bump from the atlantic it was
originally written for Wired so just
hear this title let's strap in here get
get ready here is when each generation
and ends according to facts and then
here's a subtitle we can all agree that
Millennials are the worst but what is a
millennial we can all agree that
Millennials are the worst most of the
articles that you read about Millennials
most of the tweets you read about
Millennials kind of stir it up with that
vibe just so we're on the same page
Millennials are the worst so there's a
lot of substance as to why Millennials
are the worst from this article besides
the shot that he takes for apparently
Millennials winning naps during work
anyways the entire point of this article
is to let you know that Millennials are
born from 1982 to 2004 so roughly 20
years from the 1980s I was born in 1994
so I am a proud millennial fantastic
news after Amazon fully acquired Whole
Foods they have taken it upon themselves
to lower prices and not just are they
lowering prices on everyday foods but
avocados avocados are now cheaper at
Whole Foods so now we can make our own
avocado toast on the cheap and we can
buy that dream home that we've always
wanted us Millennials are just
triggering people everywhere recently I
made a video about my experience with
film photography I grew up in the
digital age I don't know how to take
pictures with a film camera but I went
through this whole experience it was fun
for me because I am a content creator so
if I encounter a fun old new way I want
to test it out so I made a video about
that entire experience but oh boy let's
look at this comment isn't good guys
this is good okay
it's films you're kidding right Wow the
Millennials really have no hope and I
love how all this is caps but the word
Millennials
I think that's proof that no one really
knows how to spell Millennials so you
know he did that right click spelling
grammar and that's the only reason why
it's not caps to the Millennials really
have no hope I can work like digital and
like film and like duh just stick to
your digital okay darling
you get films such an insult and a light
meter with a app Wow can you say lazy
forgive me for exploring a new art form
so this is fantastic a stock footage
company by the name of dissolve took all
of their hip millennial footage put it
into a very generic millennial ad and
might I say it is incredible you are
unique you are different you did you see
that guy's face oh my gosh he looks like
he was in so much pain
you are special
we definitely get on the hoverboard
we understand everything about you ice
cream especially the way you talk oh yes
there's an overabundance of spirits TRB
join the conversation you say that right
the point is you are free I'm doing this
experience wrong hold on one second okay
I'm ready to be a millennial free from
words with vowels in them free from the
restraints of natural hair color Wow
Ephram plays the ukulele that's
unexpected but that's just how many thus
we are again we are all right you know
if you want to watch the rest of that
it'll be links in the description but I
just can't I can't
according to a Business Insider article
I just want to let you know what I am
responsible for killing places like
Applebee's and Buffalo Wild Wings beer
clearly we prefer wine and spirits I
don't even know what the fudge spirits
are napkins I don't use napkins
restaurant chains like hooter is cereal
I don't need cereal I want
grab-and-go breakfast golf motorcycles
home ownership yogurt bars of soap
diamonds they're referring to diamonds
as oh no these Millennials aren't
getting married these hood rats but I
feel like no one in our generation asks
for diamonds I don't want a $5,000
diamond necklace for my birthday that's
a lot of plane tickets to go to cool
places department stores like Macy's and
Sears designer handbags I'm gonna be
honest I have bought so many purses from
Target something I've ever owned a
designer handbag the point is as
Millennials are killing a lot of things
hopefully businesses in the world around
adapt because we're actually the largest
generation right now there's 80 million
of us and America alone I think there's
a lot of silly
written about Millennials some serious
issues faced our generation and a big
part of that is under employment
everyone is getting degrees these days
whether it's your bachelor's master's
PhD all of the degrees because people
take out loans and act like they're free
money but they're not free money did you
know that the average college debt is
$33,000 with the median household income
remaining the same since 1999 a lot of
people view Millennials as stuck-up and
entitled to success but more than
anything I think we are more thirsty
than ever for success and chasing our
dreams and actually seeking out a life
that we want to live free can go for it
and cheers to us for being daring enough
to chase a life that we want to live and
chasing our dreams but I think this
issue of underemployment is going to be
one of the biggest things that we as
Millennials are going to face and it's
up to us to adapt and change the times
go on and create these jobs that college
could never prepare us for to keep
learning keep listening to all the
podcasts and books of all the great
thinkers of the world but become your
own great thinker and go-getter I think
there's a lot about the workforce that
is shifting like crazy right now I think
the future is a future of contractors
and freelancers and doing different jobs
here and there so with that it is up to
us to shape this future in which we are
going to thrive and what's healthcare
going to look like what is everyday life
going to look like as the everyday work
environment and corporations are kind of
decentralized and the bleeder ship
hierarchy is changing like crazy and
even we have like decentralized
currencies out there I have been very
intrigued in Bitcoin lately and I
encourage you to maybe do some learning
because it's up to us guys let's go be
this epic generation of world changers
and just lovers of people we're nice
people and this was a quote that resin
with me we don't know how to fill we
don't want blue ribbons because we feel
entitled to them we want them because
we've been in a cage match to win them
our entire lives now the stakes to win
those blue ribbons are just slightly
higher we're the first generation who
has lived through this revolution of
Technology and we're growing up with it
and we're adapting and we're good
adapting to change but I need a lot of
this negative energy pushed on to
Millennials is people's reaction to just
the technology that we're growing up
with not necessarily the people worn in
between 1980 and 2000 because I'm sure a
lot of baby boomers can be annoying with
taking selfies and being on social media
to wrap things up I just don't think
Millennials are the worst thank you guys
so much for watching let me know if you
like this video and hit that subscribe
button down below for new videos every
single week and make sure to check out
that video I made about it's my first
experience with film photography until
next time stay peachy okay baby
[Music]
you